locID,locText
Intro_01,"Welcome to Plantasia, an archipelago of floating island paradises and home to a dazzling array of wondrous plant species!"
Intro_02,"Well, it used to be. We've been looking a bit sparse lately. And the other islands seem to have wandered off. Maybe you can help?"
Intro_03,"Oh, I'm SeedShip, by the way. Nice to meet you. You can find me on the underside of the island, but we'll get to that later."
Intro_04,"Life! Oh, but the poor thing is looking a little parched. My analysis indicates that this plant needs sunlight and water to thrive."
Intro_05,"Let's find a cloud and give it poke to see if we can get some water for our young friend here. You can grab clouds and move them around, too, if you like."
Intro_06,"

You can also use the scroll wheel or a pinch and drag gesture to zoom in and out for a better view."
Intro_07,Nice! This plant is now fully grown. Give it a double- tap to harvest a new seed.
Intro_08,"Harvesting a seed causes the plant to revert to its growing state, but it doesn't die! You can help it grow again."
Intro_09,I'll look after any seeds you come across on your journey. Let's try planting that one you just harvested.
Intro_10,Great! Now you can tap anywhere on the topside of the island to plant your seed.
Intro_11,"Amazing. This place is looking better already! When you're ready for more, why not come visit me on the underside of the island?"
Intro_12,Hi there! Good to meet you face-to-face at last. Give me a tap to have a look at your seed collection or ask for advice anytime.
Intro_13,Or you can give me an upwards swipe if you're up for an adventure!
Intro_14,"Welcome to the universe! Plantasia isn't the only place in the system, and many others are also home to unique and wonderful plant species."
Intro_15,Try dragging to have a look around and then tap on a planetoid you like the look of and we'll go for a little trip.
Intro_16,Welcome to a new world! Why don't you try helping some of the local flora grow and then harvest some seeds to take back to Plantasia?
Intro_17,I can show you the growth requirements for any plant you tap on. And remember to give the planetoid a spin for a better look around.
Intro_18,"Oh, and keep an eye out for those missing islands from the Plantasia archipelago. They like to hide underground but a few good taps will sort that out."
Intro_19,"One last thing! These planetoids will change every time you play, so don't get too attached. Your home islands stay the same, though!"
Hint_00,"You've seen all my hints now, by the way. I'm just going to start repeating them from here out. Just FYI."
Hint_01,You can use the (?) button in the ship to get a h... wait. Nevermind.
Hint_02,You can use button that looks like a bin (trash can) on the plant status UI to turn that plant back into a seed (no plants are harmed in this process).
Hint_03,"Try moving me (the ship, this is the ship talking) around when we're flying through space!"
Hint_04,"Some plants will only grow in particular environments, but you'll need to find the missing islands first!"
Hint_05,Keep an eye out for mysterious glowing particles on the planetoids you're exploring. Give them a vigorous tapping if you find any!